Previously on The Chi...
Just tell me the truth.
Did you kill her?
I did what I was told.
Man.
-I didn't kill her.
-Then who did?
Don't miss.
I never do.
If I tell you.
I need something in return.
Help me make things right
with my brothers.
Fine.
Now tell me who killed her.
Roselyn made the call.
Hey. Kiesha.
Me and Emmett got engaged!
Congrats. So you proposed?
We proposed to each other.
I wonder how Nuck's
gonna take it.
-Is he there?
-No.
We got into a fight last night.
and he left.
I don't care if you tell him.
No. I think he should
hear it from you.
You knew Nuck killed Rob
this whole time.
Yeah.
Now you work for me.
-Why?
-'Cause you owe me.
I want you to move
into Nuck's apartment.
If anybody come by
looking for him.
just say he left and you
don't know when he'll be back.
♪ You know where we come from? ♪
♪ Every day we both learn
to walk away from this world ♪
♪ 911
♪ 911 ♪
♪ I'm far gone ♪
♪ They're gonna draw ♪
What the fuck?
This is for Rob.
You okay?
I never thought I would know
what it feels like
to kill somebody.
How does it feel?
It doesn't make me feel better.
Could have told you that.
Why didn't you?
You shot him
before I could say anything.
Somebody had to do it.
Well. it's not like we had
a plan in place.
How did you feel?
I felt powerful.
Did it make you
want to kill again?
I don't like the way
that kind of power feels.
Then why'd you do it?
Because I had to.
'cause I thought
they were gonna kill me.
So you felt justified.
Yeah. but I also felt guilty.
What does it mean
if you don't feel
as guilty as you should?
There's no rulebook to this.
I guess not.
People are starting
to ask questions.
About what?
Nuck's killer.
How do they know
somebody killed him?
They know how to put
two and two together.
I think we should
just let them speculate.
You don't want folks to start
pointing the finger at you.
Fine.
If we need to.
let's say Bakari did it.
What?
Yeah.
It's believable.
Niggas take out they bosses
all the time.
I don't want folks
thinking he's a murderer.
He already is.
Yeah. but that was
a long time ago.
So?
Are you trying
to be the new Alicia?
I don't know.
I don't know where Nuck at.
But it's clear...
he ain't coming back.
He told me if anything
happened to him.
I should take care of shit.
so that's what I'm doing.
First order of business.
I'm cutting this bitch off.
We not moving product
for her no more.
Might mean a pay cut
for a little while.
but I'll find us a new supply.
Second. we need to be even more
discreet in these streets.
Don't talk to nobody
unless they talk to you.
Just lay low
and shut the fuck up.
And don't do nothing
unless I give you the word.
If you got a problem with any
of this. just let me know
and I can shoot you dead
right now.
Okay. bet. Let's get to work.
♪ Grimy ♪
♪ Nigga. we grimy ♪
♪ Grimy
♪ Grimy ♪
♪ Nigga. we grimy
♪ Nigga. we grimy ♪
♪ Grimy. right in the projects
you can find me ♪
♪ Vaseline on.
make the buck fifty sign me ♪
♪ Grimy. make the wrong move
they gon' rob me ♪
♪ I don't even trust
the niggas I got behind me ♪
Man. what the fuck you want?
You kill Nuck?
No.
Who you think killed him?
Could be anybody.
But it wasn't you?
If I did. I'd tell you.
How I know
you telling the truth?
Nigga. what I gotta lie for?
Anything else?
I'm running the Mob now.
You can have the Mob.
I ain't need you
to tell me that.
I can kill you
and take over if I wanted to.
You kill me.
Big Mike gon' take you out.
That nigga ain't gon' do shit.
Stay the fuck off my blocks
and we ain't gonna have
no problems.
You don't own these streets.
You stay on your end.
and I'll stay on mine.
Bet.
♪ Nigga. we grimy ♪
If anybody asks. just say
you the one that killed Nuck.
I'm not saying that shit.
I wasn't asking.
Smitty will kill me.
I don't know why he would.
You just did him a favor.
Nuck got other niggas
that's gon' want me dead.
We'll make sure you good.
You can't promise that.
That's the risk you take
for not telling me
he killed the father
of my child.
Who gon' tell Kiesha
you killed the father of hers?
You want to be next?
Would you really kill me?
If I had to.
Just say it was self-defense.
Kiesha will forgive you.
You don't know that.
You don't have a choice.
I always have a choice.
Not if it means
saving your own life.
I don't know.
You helped Nuck
dump Rob's dead body
on his mother's doorstep.
Why can't you help me with this?
I didn't know it was Rob
in the trunk.
And after I saw it was him.
I threw up.
But you killed Ronnie
in cold blood so easily.
He killed my best friend.
So I wanted revenge.
I know what that feels like.
After I did it...
I didn't feel better.
I felt...
Nothing?
Yeah.
Just do it.
Some are places
you would expect.
Others are a little bit
more unorthodox.
Hmm. They all look expensive.
Well. you only get married once.
At least that's the hope.
Money isn't a factor.
Mm. I thought you were
just making a donation
to the wedding.
She offered to pay
for everything.
I said yeah.
How come you ain't talk with me?
She doesn't have to come
to you for everything.
If she gon' be my wife.
she does.
Would you guys
like a moment alone?
-Yes.
-No.
We're fine.
She paying for shit. then what?
She get a say?
-I should.
-She is my maid of honor.
She my ex-wife.
I'm also the mother
of one of your kids.
Oh. okay.
So you guys are one
of those families.
What does that mean?
Oh. I just mean
that you're very progressive.
Exactly.
So since you're the one
paying for everything.
is there a venue
that you would prefer?
She wants to have it
at her house.
I just hosted
their engagement party there.
and it was dope.
Yeah. it was a vibe.
It was more like an event
promoting her new strain.
What's wrong with killing
two birds with one stone?
Your spot catered.
Ourspot catered.
I don't have any ownership
in Smokey's.
Do you want to?
Maybe.
I think you should. girl.
Protect yourself.
This ain't got
nothing to do with you.
Well. of course.
I would have to see your place
just to make sure that we can
accommodate all the guests.
Okay.
Come by whenever you want.
Okay. great.
This some bullshit.
You wanted a big wedding.
This is the only way
to make it cost-effective.
Mm.
Don't worry. Emmett.
There's gonna be plenty
other big decisions
to make regarding
the wedding day.
I'll be bugging you a lot.
I look forward to it.
Did you really have people
watching Nora's house?
I did.
Then why she end up dead?
I wish I knew.
You said you'd protect her.
I thought I could.
This is all my fault.
She should have never taken
that money from Roselyn.
Times are hard.
Times are always hard.
So. what. Roselyn's just
gonna get away with this?
Unless you can prove
she made the call.
Well. my source
ain't gon' say shit.
They never do.
I think you should just
let us meet
with the wedding planner
from now on.
But I want to help.
I know.
But there's certain meetings
we can take by ourselves.
Fine.
You okay?
Yeah.
I guess I just thought I'd be
doing this with Rob one day.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
Maybe you and Nuck
will get married.
That's not gonna happen.
You don't know that.
Yeah. I do.
You're right.
He never was the marrying kind.
You still haven't
heard from him?
No.
You think something
happened to him?
I don't know.
But I told you he was heated
about that Bakari shit
from my release party.
You think Bakari
got something to do with it?
I wouldn't put it past him.
♪ This shit's so bad ♪
♪ So bad. so ♪
♪ Ah. jealousy.
jealousy. jealousy ♪
Enough with the phones.
Don't act like you don't be
on your phone all the time.
He been off social media
for three weeks.
Now he think he the Dalai Lama.
I use social media for work.
It ain't my life.
I can't stand you
"above it all" niggas.
What if I did a no-phones party?
Ain't nobody coming to that.
I would.
That's 'cause
don't nobody follow you.
'Cause I don't need 'em to.
Everybody needs followers.
It's a want. not a need.
I just feel like everybody
on they phone all the time.
We need to connect. for real.
People don't want
to go to parties
if they can't post about them.
Some people.
Why you looking at me?
I'm just saying. I don't need
to document everything I do.
Look. the point of socials
is to spread the word
so people will actually come.
Or we could use word of mouth.
That don't work no more.
-It could.
-I don't know.
Ain't nobody ask you.
If you want.
you could have it here.
Bet.
Just don't get mad
when nobody shows up.
Where's Nuck?
You talked to Tiff.
I did.
She sent me here.
Now tell me the truth.
I can't.
What you mean you can't?
I killed him.
Oh. my God.
Where's his body?
Why you want to know that?
Because my son deserves
to see his father
one more time
before I put him in the ground.
I already buried him.
Where?
I can't tell you that.
You don't have a choice.
I always have a choice.
Then why'd you choose
to kill the father of my child?
It was either him or me.
Nuck is dead.
What?
Bakari killed him.
He did?
Yeah.
Who told you this?
Bakari told me.
This is crazy.
You gotta fire him
from Smokey's.
He can't be around this family.
Wait. hold on. Um...
No. we're not arguing
about this.
Hold on. Wait.
Just give me a second to think.
You don't have to think.
Just do it.
Who gonna be the head
of this house. me or you?
Both of us.
Two people can't drive
the same car.
I know.
That's why we have
to take turns.
Well. it feels like
you always driving.
That's because you don't know
where you going.
We have to protect this family.
-Just let me talk to him.
-About what?
About why he did this.
I already asked.
He might tell me more.
Why? 'Cause you a man?
Yes.
That's some
patriarchal bullshit.
It's the world we live in.
It's the world
we choose to live in.
I'm gonna talk to him.
♪ I got it bad. oh-oh ♪
♪ Yeah. I got it bad ♪
♪ From the way
you love me. oh-oh ♪
♪ To the way you hold on...
Why did Bakari
tell Kiesha he killed Nuck?
Maybe he did.
We both know he didn't.
If he said he did.
I believe him.
-No. you don't.
-Let it go.
Man. tell me what's going on.
Bakari didn't tell Tiff
that Nuck killed Rob.
and this is payback.
Hold on. wait.
Y'all... y'all framing him
for a murder he didn't do?
It wasn't my idea.
So Tiff is behind all this?
♪ You sure got
the good stuff... ♪
I gotta tell Kiesha the truth.
You can't.
She deserves to know.
If you tell your future wife
your ex-wife killed
the father of her child.
you're gon' have a problem.
Fuck.
Just go with it.
Tiff really that nigga.
Man. she think
she Alicia and shit.
Just don't let
nothing happen to her.
I won't.
I'm her bodyguard now.
Shaad was Alicia's. and she
got killed on his watch.
I ain't gon' let
that shit go down.
It better not.
Nuck letting you stay here?
Something like that.
For how long?
However long I want.
Well. that's dope.
Trust me.
it comes with strings.
What kind of strings?
It's just... a lot going on.
Like what?
I got myself in some shit
I can't get out of.
I just feel like the hole
is getting deeper and deeper.
Anything I can help you with?
I wouldn't put you in this shit.
This is why you should
move to Atlanta with me.
I think I gotta stay here.
Why?
I'm in business
with some new people.
-With Reg?
-Nah.
Well. who. then?
I can't tell you that.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Why are you here?
I wanted to see you.
You've seen me. Now you can go.
You know what I mean.
No. I don't.
Tell me.
I wanted to see if there was
still something between us.
You wanted to see
if you still get butterflies
when you look at me.
Yeah.
Do you?
I think I got fireflies now.
I don't get it.
I light up when I see you.
I like that.
What happens when you see me?
I feel sad.
Why?
Because I never know
where I stand.
You know
I'll always love you.
I don't know if that's enough.
What more do you need?
I need to know
that I'd be your priority.
that you'd choose me
over street life.
the city. politics. other women.
I get it.
Could you see yourself
doing that?
I'd have to think about it.
You've been thinking
for a long time.
Sometimes a man
has gotta hit rock bottom
to see things clearly.
Well. let me know
when your vision's
completely clear.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Never on the radar in the
town I'm in to win it ♪
♪ Ended up being
like everything ♪
♪ These niggas isn't ♪
♪ Remember them jumpin' me
for my Js ♪
♪ They ain't get 'em ♪
♪ Learnt that everybody
not my friends... ♪
Hey. let me talk to you
for a minute.
I know you ain't kill Nuck.
How you know that?
Victor told me.
Don't tell Kiesha.
She wants me to give you
your walking papers.
You firing me?
I have to.
Fine.
Damn.
Thanks for giving me
another chance.
I needed someone right away.
I had to let Bakari go.
Why?
Couldn't leave
his other life behind him.
It is tough.
I hope we don't have
that problem again.
I'm trying to stay out the game.
Bet.
So what's going on
with you and Victor?
I don't know.
Don't lie.
I'm not lying.
How do you feel about him?
I think he's lost.
He did just get out of jail.
Exactly.
But I heard he was
in there for some shit
that he didn't even do.
And I'm not trying to always
be running to his rescue.
We all need to be
rescued sometime.
I just want a stress-free life.
Sweetie. that's not
how the world works.
I know.
Stop wishing
for something that isn't real.
and try leaning into something
that actually feels right.
When are you gonna start
taking your own advice?
That's a good question.
I don't know why
I'm so good at dissecting
everybody else's life.
but when it comes to my own.
all I can do is keep hope alive
and try to stay positive.
You deserve a full life too.
Yes. I do.
♪ Your protection ♪
♪ Then your connection ♪
♪ They don't see you
like I see you. babe ♪
♪ Ooh. they lack vision ♪
♪ They can't feel
your undertone ♪
I got my job back.
Look at you.
all gainfully employed.
Yeah.
Look. I need to know
you not doing illegal shit.
My deal with Reg
ain't got shit to do with you.
I'm not trying to see you
get locked up neither.
So what you want me to do?
I want you to tell Reg you not
stealing pills for him no more.
What am I supposed to do
for extra money?
Like everybody else. you work
more and you spend less.
I ain't trying to be
like everybody else.
So you trying to go to jail?
What about my mom's medication?
It's more expensive now.
You gon' pay for that?
We'll figure it out.
And what if we don't?
I'll work extra shifts.
That minimum-wage job
ain't gonna do shit.
See?
They want us to be broke
so we do illegal shit.
Then they just send us to jail.
All right.
I'll do it.
I love you. girl.
I love you too.
♪ Chingy's "One Call Away"
playing ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Give a call if you
wanna come roll with me ♪
♪ I'm only one call away ♪
♪ Give a call if you
wanna come roll with me ♪
♪ I'm only one call away ♪
♪ It was weird how we met. huh ♪
♪ She was with her mom
at Bank of America ♪
♪ With my son.
cashing the check ♪
♪ So I asked out of respect ♪
♪ Uh. would she like
to explore the world up high ♪
♪ We can fly in my jet ♪
♪ Her reply was yes ♪
♪ Can I ask you something ♪
♪ I seen it in her eye ♪
♪ Mama looking like
all I wanted was sex ♪
♪ Then move to the next ♪
♪ That ain't true ♪
♪ But it was something
about this girl's style ♪
♪ That made me feel no regrets ♪
♪ She might think
I'm in a rush ♪
♪ To touch. crush. and be up ♪
♪ But. baby.
I ain't on that stuff ♪
♪ Dropped her off
and told her. call me up ♪
♪ We can talk. conversate
about political subjects ♪
♪ Whatever thoughts
♪ So I zoomed off
thinking 'bout her ♪
♪ My phone rang ♪
♪ It was her in the shower ♪
♪ Said. I couldn't
do without you ♪
♪ Then I say ♪
♪ Give a call if you
wanna come roll with me ♪
♪ I'm only one call away ♪
♪ Give a call if you
wanna come roll with me ♪
What you mean
you ain't got the pills?
I'm counting on that money.
They put more cameras up
at my job.
That's why you do it
after hours.
Look. I'm just not trying
to do the illegal shit no more.
You ain't have no problem
doing illegal shit before.
Things are different now.
-Since when?
-Since I got a man.
Oh. so Keith is behind this?
I make my own choices.
That's why I don't fuck
with light-skinned bitches.
Y'all stay doing
what a nigga tell you to do.
I'm not listening to your ass.
What if I give you
more off the top?
Nah. nah. I'm not
trying to go to jail.
I wouldn't let you take no bid.
Niggas always say that.
If Keith has a problem.
he can come talk to me.
I speak for myself.
I'll find a new supplier.
You do that.
So where are you trying
to open up new locations?
I'm thinking
Houston and Atlanta.
Mm.
Shit. you might as well
do Vegas too.
If we gon' do this.
it's gon' be a lot of work.
I ain't afraid
of a little more work.
All right. You did your thing
with this place.
Yeah.
You got your fiancée
to thank for that.
I know.
Look. I don't mind traveling
to get things going.
Bet.
I'm gon' need you to.
Yeah. opening up a new spot.
it's gon' be tough.
but we can do it.
Shit. folks want to work.
True. true.
But training a bunch
of new folks gon' take time.
and you'll need some help.
I can ask my sister. Angie.
She ain't doing shit but
looking for new niggas to fuck.
Hold on. hold on.
Hannibal's wife?
Yeah. they ethically
non monogamous now.
Uh-oh.
That's what I said.
But it seem to be
working for 'em.
Well. tell her
ethically non monogamous ass
we need to get her to work.
-I got you. I got you.
-Cheers.
Let's get it.
What the fuck you want?
I want to see Tiff.
You can't just come here
demanding to see Tiff.
-There's a process.
-Since when?
-Since now.
-What's going on?
-I need to talk to you.
-About what?
A business opportunity.
What type?
If you let me stay.
I could tell you.
Let's go to my office.
Need me to join y'all?
No. I got it.
I heard the Mob ain't
selling your shit no more.
Yeah. Smitty don't trust me.
You can trust me.
Why would I trust a man that
shot the father of my child?
At least I didn't kill him.
What do you want?
I want to sell your shit.
I don't know if I'm looking
for that kind of business.
Street business
is always booming.
It's also dangerous.
You scared?
I'm trying
to protect this family.
I'll make sure nothing
comes back to you.
No one can make sure of that.
I have a small crew.
The Mob calls too much
attention to themselves.
I don't know.
We can do a trial period.
How much can you move in a week?
Let's see.
I'ma put something together
for you.
Great.
I can give you 20% to start.
That goes well.
you can get up to 30%.
The more you move.
the more you make.
I miss my phone.
For real.
Not as much as I thought
I would. though.
See? I was right.
Ain't nobody say all that.
You having fun?
Yeah.
Yeah. me too.
You should do this more often.
I think I will.
We need it.
Yeah. we do.
♪ Something that
you'll never find ♪
♪ Mm. when you learn
the difference ♪
♪ Between diamonds and dimes
♪ Perfection know
another flex. you know ♪
♪ When I pull up on the scene ♪
♪ Them haters ready to go ♪
♪ They can't stand this glow ♪
♪ Money extra long ♪
♪ Manifested this life.
this a flex. you know ♪
This is sativa.
These are indica.
Niggas prefer indica.
Bet.
These are encapsulated shrooms.
You sell those
to the white kids?
Black folks do shrooms now too.
If you say so.
♪ Didn't have opinion
♪ Now I got a favor
in a black car ♪
♪ With no lemon ♪
♪ Beat down in my city ♪
♪ Perfection know
another flex. you know ♪
♪ When I pull up on the scene ♪
♪ Them haters ready to go ♪
♪ They can't stand this glow ♪
♪ Money extra long ♪
♪ Manifested this life
♪ That's a flex. you know ♪
So who gon' grab
their phone first?
Not me.
I actually enjoyed
not having a phone for once.
It was nice.
I'ma take a sabbatical
from my phone.
like. once a week.
It wasn't that nice.
I bet you Papa goes
for his phone first.
Dang. you ain't
got no faith in me?
I don't.
When's the last time
you looked up from your phone
to really look somebody
in the eye?
That's real.
See?
Look what human-to-human
connection gets you.
We should take a picture.
Damn.
I told you he'd grab
his phone first.
Make sure you get
my good angle. you know?
You need a job?
You know
I like being kept.
We trying to franchise Smokey's.
And what does that
have to do with me?
I need some help.
Ask Zuri.
Unlike you. Zuri got a job.
I am in my soft-life era.
Come on. sis.
I need somebody I can trust.
What you need me to do?
Help me train folk and get
the places up and running.
Oh. you gon' fly me out?
Emmett gon' be doing
the flying out.
I'm just gonna tell you
what to do.
You know I don't like
being bossed around.
You can do the bossing around
once we get the location set up.
Okay.
Bet.
Appreciate you.
♪ Oh. yeah
♪ Girl. you're sweet
like honey ♪
♪ Love like girl.
you can get me ♪
♪ Only you I can see ♪
Your brother killed Nora.
What?
Why?
Roselyn paid him to do it.
Fuck!
She paid Nora to lie
about being with me that night.
Then she changed her story
to get us out.
Yeah.
What you want me to do?
Talk to Reg.
For what?
He don't want it
to be like this. man.
Me talking to him
ain't gonna change shit.
He's lost.
He ain't ever gonna change.
Nora didn't deserve to die.
Reg will do anything for money.
I think he'd do anything
to have a relationship
with you and Jake.
I can't be around him.
I got enough problems.
What you mean?
Nothing.
You okay?
Yeah.
I don't believe you.
I just got a lot going on.
Yeah.
Don't we all?
When's Daddy coming back?
He's not. baby.
Well. why not?
Because...
God decided it was time
for him to go.
But why?
Um...
I don't know.
Oh. you know.
pretty soon.
we gonna be living
with some newlyweds.
Oh.
It won't be that much different.
Oh. okay.
You saying that now.
-Yeah.
-Oh.
I thought
you liked it. staying here.
I do.
I just want to make sure we're
not overstaying our welcome.
Yeah. well. you know.
Emmett needs our help
with all these damn kids.
And I love supporting Kiesha
around the house.
Yeah.
She said we could stay
as long as we needed to.
You bought that house
for you and Jada.
I can't walk in there
without breaking down.
That's normal.
-Is it?
-Of course.
It hasn't been that long.
Your grief doesn't have
an expiration date.
Thank you.
Do you want to sell it?
I can't.
I...
Maybe you could
help out a family
that's in need.
Who do I know
that needs a house?
There's a lot of people.
It's a nice house.
Yes.
It's beautiful.
Thank you for always
being there for me.
Of course.
♪ When you're loving me ♪
♪ When you're loving me... ♪
I love you.
I love you too.
♪ It seems to me ♪
♪ We could sail together ♪
♪ In and out of mystery ♪
♪ Well. I wanna be living ♪
♪ For the love of you
♪ All right. now ♪
♪ Said that I'm living ♪
♪ For the love of you... ♪
I'm sorry.
For what?
For not trusting you.
I'm sorry too.
You are?
You lost a lot in a short time.
I could have made
more space for you.
I never thought
about it like that.
♪ It don't get
no better than this ♪
♪ The voice ♪
♪ Nowadays everybody
shootin' shit. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ That's how it go
♪ And they don't care
about the consequences ♪
♪ They just care about
that they grow ♪
♪ I remember wearing
bubble jackets ♪
♪ Every time I sleep
when it would snow ♪
♪ I had nowhere to go ♪
♪ Even if you pay them back
♪ They gonna still run
and tell another nigga ♪♪
♪ But only has a picture ♪
♪ Posted on the corner.
Mama used to tell me ♪
♪ Please. son.
don't mess your life up... ♪
Where's Nuck?
♪ Over 150 those same niggas
♪ Really. really.
who's their life bruh ♪
♪ I killed that boy.
sent him straight to God ♪
♪ But they ain't have to do it
in front of his godson ♪
♪ Dad wasn't there for me
when I was a kid ♪
♪ That's what I hate him for ♪
♪ I got kids.
and I'm rarely seein' them ♪
♪ Now I fully passed the torch ♪
♪ Started off with a brother.
turned into a person ♪
♪ Ended in the morgue ♪
♪ 'Cause he started off loved
then he turned to hater ♪
♪ Ended with a war ♪
♪ I'm losin' my friends
to the streets ♪
♪ And it's hurting me deep ♪
'Cause I knew 'em back when
we were young ♪
♪ We tried to rob 'em but that
shit didn't go as planned ♪
♪ Crisis went up and I heard ♪
♪ That's the word
on the streets ♪
♪ Why you think nobody got it? ♪
♪ At it again
♪ They killed
another Black man ♪
♪ Why you think
they about to riot? ♪
♪ You don't know the feeling
♪ Sleeping with
an empty stomach ♪
♪ Growling like
it's talking to you ♪
♪ Rest in peace.
little brother ♪
♪ Day you died. crazy.
I was just talking to you ♪
♪ When you start keeping real
with these fake niggas ♪
♪ They gon' start
talking to you ♪
♪ He wasn't even
gonna pull the trigger ♪
♪ He only did it 'cause
they stuffed his bag ♪
♪ I know my family love me
and when it's said and done ♪
♪ That's all the love I need ♪
♪ I didn't tell her
what she wanna hear ♪
♪ I kept it real so
she don't wanna leave ♪
♪ When the block
really poppin' ♪
♪ Don't nobody ever
really wanna leave ♪
♪ Until a body get dropped
and shit get broke ♪
♪ I'll see 'em for a week ♪
♪ I come from the bottom
where niggas don't kill you ♪
♪ Come from a place
where them girls ♪
♪ They don't care
what you buying ♪
♪ Only 'cause
you got 'em a cut ♪
♪ Come from a place
where you win or you lose ♪
♪ In a fight. it don't matter.
you never come back ♪
♪ Tried to apologize.
it was too late ♪
♪ So to tell about the fight.
put a hole in his chest ♪